# Inworld.ai Software Development Kit License Agreement



In order to obtain and use the Inworld Software Development Kit
("***SDK***") provided by Theai, Inc. (dba Inworld AI)
("***Inworld***"), you must first agree to the terms of this Software
Development Kit License Agreement ("***Agreement***"). If you agree to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may use the SDK. If you
do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, then you may not use the
SDK. You may not use the SDK and may not accept this Agreement if you
are a person barred from receiving the SDK under the laws of the United
States or the country in which you are resident or from which you use
the SDK.

The SDK may comprise: (1) Inworld sample project files, including
Inworld content, dynamic libraries, source code, object code and
applications therein ("***Project Files***"); (2) Inworld instructions,
manuals and documentation provided with the Project Files
("***Documentation***"); and (3) materials licensed by or from a third
party, including starter files, components, applications, software,
data, content, materials and resources licensed by or from a third
party, including in some cases starter content and files from Unreal
Engine and Unity ("***Third-Party Materials***").

We may make changes to this Agreement from time to time. The amended
Agreement will be effective immediately, and your continued use of the
SDK will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to
the amended Agreement, you must stop using the SDK.

If you are an individual agreeing to be bound by this Agreement on
behalf of, or for the benefit of, any corporation, partnership or other
entity with which you are associated (an "***Organization***"), then you
are agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of yourself and such
Organization, and you represent and warrant that you have the legal
authority to bind such Organization to this Agreement. References to
"you" and "your" in this Agreement will refer to both the individual and
any such Organization.

**You may enter into this Agreement and exercise the rights hereunder
only if and while you have a subscription to use the Platform.**
"***Platform***" means the Inworld platform, software and services made
available by Inworld (including Inworld project files, packaged APIs,
Platform APIs add-ons, starter files and code).

**By clicking to accept, registering for, signing in, or otherwise using
the SDK, you hereby agree to this Agreement, including the limited
warranty set forth in Section 7 and the mandatory arbitration provision
and class action waiver in Section 11. If you do not agree to this
Agreement, do not use the SDK.**

If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us at
[legal\@inworld.ai](file:///Users/florin/Downloads/legal@inworld.ai).

1.  **SDK License from Inworld**

    1.  **License**. Subject the terms of this Agreement, Inworld
        grants you a personal, limited, worldwide, royalty-free,
        non-assignable, non-exclusive, and non-sublicensable license to:

        1.  use and create derivative works of the Project Files to
            create content and combine such content with content owned
            by or licensed to you, in each case, solely for use with the
            Platform;

        2.  distribute the Project Files with your Developer Content
            (defined below) solely for use with the Platform;

        3.  use and copy the Documentation solely for the purposes of
            using the SDK and to create Developer Content (defined
            below).

    2.  **Third-Party Materials**. Your use, reproduction and
        distribution of the Third-Party Materials is subject to and
        governed by the terms of the applicable third-party license(s)
        and not this Agreement. You will strictly comply with such
        third-party license(s). You agree that Inworld is not
        responsible for providing you with any such third-party
        license(s), nor is Inworld responsible for your downloading,
        use, modification, reproduction, and distribution of such
        Third-Party Materials.

    3.  **Ownership of SDK and Modifications**. Inworld or third
        parties own all legal right, title and interest in and to the
        SDK, including any Intellectual Property Rights in and to the
        SDK. "***Intellectual Property Rights***" means any and all
        rights in and to patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks,
        and any and all other proprietary rights. Inworld reserves all
        rights not expressly granted to you. Rights in and to any
        Third-Party Materials and any derivatives thereof are governed
        by the applicable third-party license(s).

    4.  **Updates and Availability**. The form and nature of the SDK
        that Inworld provides may change without prior notice to you and
        future versions of the SDK may be incompatible with applications
        developed on previous versions of the SDK. Inworld may stop
        (permanently or temporarily) providing the SDK (or any features
        within the SDK) to you or to users generally at Inworld's sole
        discretion and terminate this Agreement, without prior notice to
        you.

    5.  **Inworld Marks**. Nothing in this Agreement gives you a
        right to use any of Inworld's trade names, trademarks, service
        marks, logos, domain names, or other distinctive brand features.

2.  **Use of the SDK by You**

    1.  **Your Applications and Content**. Inworld does not obtain
        any right, title or interest from you (or your licensors) under
        this Agreement in or to any derivative works of the Project
        Files that you create ("***Developer Content***"), *provided*,
        *however*, you may only use the Developer Content with the
        Platform subject to the rights and restrictions applicable to
        the Project Files upon which the Developer Content was derived,
        and you may not use any Developer Content with any other
        platform, product, service or software. For clarity, Inworld
        retains all rights in and to the Project Files and any other
        tools made available by Inworld, including any portions of those
        that may be incorporated into your Developer Content or upon
        which your Developer Content is based.

    2.  **Obligations and Restrictions**. You will use the SDK and
        create Developer Content only for purposes that are permitted
        by: (a) this Agreement and (b) any applicable law, regulation or
        generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant
        jurisdictions (including any laws regarding the export of data
        or software to and from the United States or other relevant
        countries). You are solely responsible for (and Inworld has no
        responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of
        your obligations under this Agreement, any applicable
        third-party contract, license or terms of service, or any
        applicable law or regulation, and for the consequences
        (including any loss or damage which Inworld or any third party
        may suffer) of any such breach. Further, you will not (nor will
        you permit others to): (i) use the SDK for any purpose not
        expressly permitted by this Agreement; (ii) use this SDK to
        develop engines, applications, software development kits, tools,
        content, games or demos for other platforms, services, software
        or products; (iii) except as expressly permitted in Section 1.1,
        copy (except for backup purposes), modify, adapt, redistribute,
        decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or create derivative
        works of the SDK or any part of the SDK; (iv) do anything that
        might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures
        employed to prevent or limit access to any part of the SDK; (v)
        remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices
        (including copyright and trademark notices) that may be affixed
        to or contained within the SDK; (vi) engage in any activity with
        the SDK, including the development or distribution of an
        application, that interferes with, disrupts, damages, or
        accesses in an unauthorized manner the servers, networks, or
        other properties or services of Inworld or any third
        party; (vii) sell or resell the SDK or provide the SDK as a
        service bureau, absent having a separate written agreement with
        Inworld that allows for such additional uses of the SDK; (viii)
        use the SDK for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage
        in, encourage or promote any activity that violates this
        Agreement; or (ix) use the SDK to develop any software
        development kit, game, tools, products, services, engines,
        platforms, software, demos, content, or other materials that
        compete with the Platform or Inworld's game, tools, products,
        services, engines, platforms, software, demos, content, or other
        materials.

3.  **Your Developer Credentials**

    1.  [Protection of Your Credentials]{.ul}. You are solely
        responsible for: (a) maintaining the confidentiality of any
        developer credentials that may be issued to you by Inworld or
        which you may choose yourself; (b) all applications that are
        developed under your developer credentials.

4.  **Privacy and Information**

    1.  [Collection of Data]{.ul}. In order to continually innovate and
        improve the SDK, Inworld may collect certain usage statistics
        and information from the SDK, including a unique identifier,
        associated IP address, version number of the software, and
        information on which tools and/or services in the SDK are being
        used and how they are being used. Before any of this information
        is collected, the SDK will notify you and seek your consent. If
        you withhold consent, the information will not be collected. The
        data collected is examined in the aggregate to improve the SDK
        and is maintained in accordance with Inworld's Privacy Policy,
        which is located at the following URL:
        <https://www.inworld.ai/privacy>, as may be amended from time to
        time. Anonymized and aggregated sets of the data may be shared
        with Inworld partners to improve the SDK.

5.  **Third Party Materials**

    1.  **Rights to Third-Party Materials**. The Third-Party
        Materials may be protected by intellectual property rights which
        are owned by the relevant third-party providers (or by other
        persons or companies on their behalf). You acknowledge that your
        use of Third-Party Materials may be subject to separate terms
        and conditions typically found in: (a) separate third-party
        license agreements or "READ ME" files included with such
        Third-Party Materials; or (b) in agreements between you and the
        relevant third party, which in that case, this Agreement does
        not affect your legal relationship with these third parties with
        respect to the relevant Third-Party Materials. You may not
        modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, reproduce, distribute or create
        derivative works based on these Third-Party Materials (either in
        whole or in part) unless you have been specifically given
        permission to do so by the relevant third-party owners. Inworld
        is not responsible for the Third-Party Materials. You understand
        that all Third-Party Materials are the sole responsibility of
        the person or entity from which they originated and that Inworld
        is not liable for any loss or damage that you may experience as
        a result of the use or access of any Third-Party Materials.
        **Your use of Third-Party Materials is at your own risk.**

6.  **Term and Termination**

    1.  **Term**. This Agreement will remain in effect until your
        subscription to access the Platform terminates or until
        terminated by either you or Inworld as set out herein.

    2.  **Termination**. If you want to terminate this Agreement, you
        may do so by ceasing your use of the SDK and any relevant
        developer credentials. Inworld may at any time, terminate this
        Agreement with you if: (a) you have breached any provision of
        this Agreement; (b) Inworld is required to do so by law; (c) a
        partner or licensor with whom Inworld offered certain parts of
        the SDK (such as Third-Party Materials) to you has terminated
        its relationship with Inworld or ceased to offer or license
        certain parts of the SDK to you; (d) Inworld decides to no
        longer provide the SDK or certain parts of the SDK to users in
        the country in which you are resident or from which you use the
        service, or the provision of the SDK or certain SDK services to
        you by Inworld is, in Inworld's sole discretion, no longer
        commercially viable; or (e) by providing you with thirty (30)
        days' prior written notice of termination.

    3.  **Effects of Termination**. When this Agreement comes to an
        end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that
        you and Inworld have benefited from, been subject to (or which
        have accrued over time whilst this Agreement has been in force)
        or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, will be
        unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of Section 11
        will continue to apply to such rights, obligations and
        liabilities indefinitely.

7.  **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES**

    1.  YOUR USE OF THE SDK IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THE SDK IS PROVIDED
        "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND FROM
        INWORLD. YOUR USE OF THE SDK AND ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR
        OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SDK (INCLUDING
        THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS) IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND
        YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER
        SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH
        USE. INWORLD FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND
        CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
        THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY,
        FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ANY
        WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.

8.  **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

    1.  INWORLD, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS WILL
        NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY FOR ANY
        DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
        EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, INCLUDING ANY
        LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER OR NOT INWORLD OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES HAVE
        BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
        ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING. INWORLD'S, AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES',
        AFFILIATES' AND LICENSORS', MAXIMUM LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR
        RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT, IN ANY EVENT, EXCEED THE
        AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF FIVE DOLLARS (US\$5.00). THE WARRANTY
        DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS
        AGREEMENT ARE ESSENTIAL COMPONENTS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND FORM
        THE BASIS FOR DETERMINING THE PRICE CHARGED FOR THE RIGHTS
        GRANTED HEREUNDER; AND INWORLD WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THIS
        AGREEMENT WITHOUT THESE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS ON
        ITS LIABILITY. THESE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY
        NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED
        REMEDY. ANY CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
        THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE
        OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIM.

9.  **Indemnification**

    1.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, you will defend,
        indemnify and hold harmless Inworld, its affiliates and their
        respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and
        against any and all claims, actions, suits or proceedings, as
        well as any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and
        expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of
        or accruing from: (a) your use of the SDK; (b) any application,
        content or other materials you develop on, with or from the SDK
        or Developer Content that infringes any copyright, trademark,
        trade secret, trade dress, patent or other intellectual property
        right of any person or defames any person or violates their
        rights of publicity or privacy; or (c) any non-compliance by you
        with this Agreement.

10. **Changes to this Agreement and Interpretation**

    1.  Inworld may make changes to this Agreement as it distributes new
        versions of the SDK. When these changes are made, Inworld will
        make a new version of this Agreement available on the website
        where the SDK is made available. Unless we say otherwise in our
        notice, the changes to this Agreement will be effective
        immediately, and your continued use of the SDK after we provide
        such notice will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you
        do not agree to the changes to this Agreement, you must stop
        using the SDK. The word "including" means "including without
        limitation". The word "or" means "and/or".

11. **Dispute Resolution; Binding Arbitration; Governing Law**

    ***Please read the following Section 11 carefully because it requires you
    to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with Inworld and limits the
    manner in which you can seek relief from us, unless you opt out of
    arbitration by following the instructions set forth below. No class or
    representative actions or arbitrations are allowed under this
    arbitration provision.** **In addition, arbitration precludes you from
    suing in court or having a jury trial.***

    1. **No Representative Actions**. You and Inworld agree that any
       dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement or the SDK is
       personal to you and Inworld and that any dispute will be resolved
       solely through individual action, and will not be brought as a class
       arbitration, class action or any other type of representative
       proceeding.

    2.  **Arbitration of Disputes**. Except for disputes in which you
        or Inworld seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the
        alleged infringement, violation or misappropriation of intellectual
        property, you and Inworld waive your rights to a jury trial and to
        have any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement or the
        SDK, including claims related to privacy and data security,
        (collectively, "*Disputes*") resolved in court.** Instead, for any
        Dispute that you have against Inworld you agree to first contact
        Inworld and attempt to resolve the claim informally by sending a
        written notice of your claim ("***Notice***") to Inworld by email at
        [legal\@inworld.ai](mailto:support@inworld.ai) or by certified mail
        addressed to 800 W El Camino Real Suite 180, Mountain View,
        CA 94040. The Notice must: (a) include your name, residence address,
        email address, and telephone number; (b) describe the nature and
        basis of the Dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought.
        Our notice to you will be similar in form to that described above.
        If you and Inworld cannot reach an agreement to resolve the Dispute
        within thirty (30) days after such Notice is received, then either
        party may submit the Dispute to binding arbitration administered by
        JAMS or, under the limited circumstances set forth above, in court.
        All Disputes submitted to JAMS will be resolved through
        confidential, binding arbitration before one arbitrator. Arbitration
        proceedings will be held in San Francisco, California unless you are
        a consumer, in which case you may elect to hold the arbitration in
        your county of residence. For purposes of this Section 11, a
        "consumer" means a person using the SDK for personal, family or
        household purposes. You and Inworld agree that Disputes will be held
        in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and
        Procedures ("***JAMS Rules***"). The most recent version of the JAMS
        Rules are available on the [JAMS
        website](https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/)
        and are hereby incorporated by reference. You either acknowledge and
        agree that you have read and understand the JAMS Rules or waive your
        opportunity to read the JAMS Rules and waive any claim that the JAMS
        Rules are unfair or should not apply for any reason.
    
    3. **Federal Arbitration Act**. You and Inworld agree that this
       Agreement affects interstate commerce and that the enforceability of
       this Section 11 will be substantively and procedurally governed by
       the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1, *et seq*. (the
       "***FAA***"), to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. As
       limited by the FAA, this Agreement and the JAMS Rules, the
       arbitrator will have exclusive authority to make all procedural and
       substantive decisions regarding any Dispute and to grant any remedy
       that would otherwise be available in court, including the power to
       determine the question of arbitrability. The arbitrator may conduct
       only an individual arbitration and may not consolidate more than one
       individual's claims, preside over any type of class or
       representative proceeding or preside over any proceeding involving
       more than one individual.

    4.  **Discovery**. The arbitration will allow for the discovery or
        exchange of non-privileged information relevant to the Dispute. The
        arbitrator, Inworld, and you will maintain the confidentiality of
        any arbitration proceedings, judgments and awards, including
        information gathered, prepared and presented for purposes of the
        arbitration or related to the Dispute(s) therein. The arbitrator
        will have the authority to make appropriate rulings to safeguard
        confidentiality, unless the law provides to the contrary. The duty
        of confidentiality does not apply to the extent that disclosure is
        necessary to prepare for or conduct the arbitration hearing on the
        merits, in connection with a court application for a preliminary
        remedy or in connection with a judicial challenge to an arbitration
        award or its enforcement, or to the extent that disclosure is
        otherwise required by law or judicial decision.

    5.  **Arbitration Filing Fee and Enforcement**. You and Inworld agree
        that for any arbitration you initiate, you will pay the filing fee
        (up to a maximum of \$250 if you are a consumer), and Inworld will
        pay the remaining JAMS fees and costs. For any arbitration initiated
        by Inworld, Inworld will pay all JAMS fees and costs. You and
        Inworld agree that the state or federal courts for San Francisco,
        California have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals and the
        enforcement of an arbitration award.

    6.  **Time to File**. Any Dispute must be filed within one year
        after the relevant claim arose; otherwise, the Dispute is
        permanently barred, which means that you and Inworld will not have
        the right to assert the claim.**

    7.  **Opt Out**. You have the right to opt out of binding
        arbitration within thirty (30) days of the date you first accepted
        the terms of this Section 11 by sending an email to**
        [legal\@inworld.ai](mailto:support@inworld.ai). In order to be
        effective, the opt-out notice must include your full name and
        address and clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding
        arbitration. By opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing
        to resolve Disputes in accordance with this Section 11.

    8.  **Enforceability**. If any portion of this Section 11 is found to
        be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason: (a) the unenforceable
        or unlawful provision will be severed from this Agreement; (b)
        severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision will have no
        impact whatsoever on the remainder of this Section 11 or the
        parties' ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an
        individual basis pursuant to this Section 11; and (c) to the extent
        that any claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective,
        consolidated, or representative basis, such claims must be litigated
        in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration,
        and the parties agree that litigation of those claims will be stayed
        pending the outcome of any individual claims in arbitration.
        Further, if any part of this Section 11 is found to prohibit an
        individual claim seeking public injunctive relief, that provision
        will have no effect to the extent such relief is allowed to be
        sought out of arbitration, and the remainder of this Section 11 will
        be enforceable.

    9.  **Governing Law**. Any dispute arising from this Agreement and
        your use of the SDK will be governed by and construed and enforced
        in accordance with the laws of California, except to the extent
        preempted by U.S. federal law, without regard to conflict of law
        rules or principles (whether of California or any other
        jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any
        other jurisdiction. Any dispute between the parties that is not
        subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court will
        be resolved in the state or federal courts of California and the
        United States for San Francisco, California. You and Inworld waive
        any objection to venue in any such courts. If your local law
        requires that consumer contracts be interpreted subject to local law
        and enforced in the courts of that jurisdiction, this section may
        not apply to you only to the extent that local law conflicts with
        this section.

12. **General Legal Terms**

    1.  **Entire Agreement**. This Agreement constitutes the whole
        legal agreement between you and Inworld with respect to the
        subject matter herein and governs your use of the SDK (excluding
        any services which Inworld may provide to you under a separate
        written agreement), and completely replaces any prior agreements
        between you and Inworld in relation to the SDK.

    2.  **Waiver**. If Inworld does not exercise or enforce any legal
        right or remedy which is contained in this Agreement (or which
        Inworld has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will
        not be taken to be a formal waiver of Inworld's rights and that
        those rights or remedies will still be available to Inworld.

    3.  **Severability**. If any provision (or any part thereof) of
        this Agreement is unenforceable under or prohibited by any
        present or future law, then such provision (or part thereof)
        will be amended, and is hereby amended, so as to be in
        compliance with such law, while preserving to the maximum extent
        possible the intent of the original provision. Any provision (or
        part thereof) that cannot be so amended will be severed from
        this Agreement; and, all the remaining provisions of this
        Agreement will remain unimpaired.

    4.  **Beneficiaries**. As applicable, each member of the group of
        companies of which Inworld is the parent will be third party
        beneficiaries to this Agreement and that such other companies
        will be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any
        provision of this Agreement that confers a benefit on (or rights
        in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company
        will be third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

    5.  **Export Restrictions**. THE SDK IS SUBJECT TO UNITED STATES
        EXPORT LAWS AND REGULATIONS. YOU MUST COMPLY WITH ALL DOMESTIC
        AND INTERNATIONAL EXPORT LAWS AND REGULATIONS THAT APPLY TO THE
        SDK. THESE LAWS INCLUDE RESTRICTIONS ON DESTINATIONS, END USERS
        AND END USE.

    6.  **Assignment**. The rights granted in this Agreement may not
        be assigned or transferred by you without the prior written
        approval of Inworld. You may not delegate your responsibilities
        or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written
        approval of Inworld. Inworld may transfer, delegate, or
        otherwise assign this Agreement and all of its rights hereunder
        to any person without your consent.